# Q1 - Σ5

---

## Questions
1. Which of the following is used for hosting an Azure virtual machine?

a. An azure storage account

b. An vnet

c. A public IP

d. A NSG

<details>
<summary>Answer 1.:</summary>
b. - An Azure virtual network is used for hosting an Azure virtual machine.
</details>

2. You are planning on hosting a web application on an Azure virtual machine. Would you be able to install a workload on the Azure virtual machine?

a. Yes

b. No

<details>
<summary>Answer 2.:</summary>
a. Yes - You get complete administrative privileges over the Azure virtual machine. Hence you will be able to install a workload on the Azure virtual machine.
</details>

3. You have just deployed an Azure virtual machine as part of your Azure subscription. You are planning on deploying a web application onto the virtual machine. Users from the Internet would be accessing the web application via the HTTPS protocol. Which of the following needs to be configured on the virtual machine for this requirement?

a. DNS name

b. Private IP

c. NSG

d. Data Disk

<details>
<summary>Answer 3.:</summary>
c. NSG - You need to configure the Network Security Group and add a rule that would allow HTTPS traffic onto the Azure virtual machine.
</details>

4. To which of the following does your Azure resources get billed to?

a. Resource group

b. Management group

c. Subscription

d. Azure Resource Manager

<details>
<summary>Answer 4.:</summary>
c. Your resources get billed to your subscription.
</details>

5. Can you deploy as ASP.NET Core application on an Azure Linux virtual machine?

a. Yes

b. No

<details>
<summary>Answer 5.:</summary>
a. Yes - Yes, it is possible to deploy an ASP.NET Core application on both Windows-based and Linux-based Azure virtual machines.
</details>

---

## Score
1. 22-03-2028 | 4/5 = 80%
